#ibc #xcvm some diagrams (#1695)
ComposableFi/composable: docs/byog.md

`On ramps` and [meta (gas less) transactions](https://docs.polygon.technology/docs/category/meta-transactions) handle such possibilities on other chains.

## Context

Users pay fees in the runtime's native currency for the execution, allowing the runtime to earn and prevents spam and DDoS attacks. BYOG extend payments to registered non native currencies.

> A runtime configuration allows mapping amount of execution which can be bought for amount of native currency.

Reviewer: What does "amount of execution" mean here? Is this referring to the number of computational resources needed to execute?

Author: yes.

Author: will update in next PR were clarification on price covertion will be made

## Current state

> Any cross-chain XCMP transactions can choose what assets to use to pay for the transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any cross-chain XCMP transactions can choose which assets to use to pay for the transaction.
```
Nit

Fees are small now, but later we will have a way to show the exact fee for a transaction paid in any possible asset.

**Example**
Currently, non-native currencies are mapped to native with some configurable ratio which in turn is mapped to a weight.

## How much does my transaction cost in Picasso?

> When a transaction is executed, its `weight` is known and roughly equal to the computational resources it consumes. Computational resources are benchmarked and updated with each runtime upgrade.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When a transaction is executed, its `weight` is known and roughly equals the computational resources it consumes. Computational resources are benchmarked and updated with each runtime upgrade.
```
